These scripts demonstrate the use of [IMP](https://integrativemodeling.org), [MODELLER](https://salilab.org/modeller), and [PMI](https://github.com/salilab/pmi) in the modeling of the proteasome/ecm29 complex using DSSO chemical cross-links.

** Localizing ecm29 on the proteasome using integrative structure modeling **

** Input data (directory *data*): **
63 DSSO cross-links involving ecm29 were identified via mass spectrometry; 56 of these cross-links were intramolecular and seven were intermolecular with the 19S proteasome, informing respectively the ecm29 conformation and the localization of ecm29 relative to the proteasome. 
The 26S proteasome structure used was obtained from the PDB (code 5GJR); it was determined primarily based on a cryo-EM density map at 3.8Å resolution (EMDB code: 9508) {Huang, 2016 NSMB}. 
Representation of ecm29 relied on (i) comparative models of 2 ecm29 domains built with MODELLER 9.17 (Sali and Blundell, 1993) based on the known related structures detected by HHPred (Soding, 2005; Soding et al. 2005) and (ii) secondary structure and disordered regions predicted by PSIPRED based on the ecm29 sequence (Buchan et al., 2013; Jones, 1999).

**Running the simulations (directory *production_scripts*)**
-*smodeling.py*: pmi modeling scripts for running the production simulations: The search for good-scoring models relied on Gibbs sampling, based on the Metropolis Monte Carlo algorithm. We suggest producing at least 3,750,000 models from 500 independent runs, each starting from a different initial conformation of ecm29 to have proper statistics. 
-*job_26s.sub*: SGE-cluster based submission scripts to run automatically 500 independent runs. 

**Analyzing the simulations (directory *analysis_scripts*)**
various scripts to analysis the simulations. we give more details scripts that allows us to test for sampling convergence.
-*Select_Top_Scoring_models.sh*: basic bash scripts that read and summarize information found in the stat file generated by pmi.
-*Random_Subset.sh*: we test if adding more models improve our sampling of top scores. input file to the script is a list of all the Total_Score from the simulations. For each subset, we perform 100 sub-samplings to compute error bars. We give the file twice to check how the error bars varies. 
-*MannWhitney.py*: we test if the distribution of from two independent subsets are not unsimilar. 
-*Precision_Pvalue_Calculation.py*: Given a RMSD matrix, we compute the 𝛘2-test for homogeneity of proportions{McDonald, 2014} and compute the best precision for which sampling has converged. 
-*RMSF_ECM29.py*: Given a list of structures, compute the average RMSF, which indicates the precision of the structures in a cluster. 

**Plotting the results (directory *plotting_scripts*)**
GNUPlot scripts for generating figures from the paper.

## Information

_Author(s)_: Ilan E. Chemmama

_Date_: November 3rd, 2016; Updated August 16, 2017.

_License_: [CC BY-SA 4.0](https://creativecommons.org/licenses/by-sa/4.0/)
This work is licensed under the Creative Commons Attribution-ShareAlike 4.0
International License.

_Testable_: Yes

_Parallelizeable_: Yes

_Publications_: TBD
